CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

My project is called "STUDENT INVIOCE GENERATOR"

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

As and English instructor I manually make class plans for each of my students monthly
and calculate their monthly fee. This programm will read through a students file and use the 
information provided to plan classes for each student or group. It should generate an invoice for 
each student requested.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

It will give me an opportuntity to work with 
1. files, 
2. functions, 
3. the datetime library
4. Loops
5. calculattions


4. What Python modules will your program use?

datetime
math
pytest
csv

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

get_student(name, id)
read_file ()
plan_class ()
add_student (name, id, )
remove_student(name, id,)
compute_class()
compute_class_cost()
print_invioce()
main()

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.


test_read_file ()
test_plan_class ()
test_compute_class()
test_compute_class_cost()
